<div align="center">
  <h1><code>stacker</code></h1>
  <p>
    <strong>A stack-growth library for Rust</strong>
  </p>
</div>


`stacker` enables users to annotate fixed points in their programs where the stack may want to grow
larger to accomodate for recursion or other kinds of heavy stack space usage. At each such
annotation, the caller indicates how far away from the end of the stack it's allowed to be, plus
the amount of stack to allocate if the remaining capacity is insufficient.

Once a program has reached the end of its stack, a temporary stack on the heap is allocated and
is switched to for the duration of a closure.

A philosophy behind this crate is to expose a straightforward interface. In case the functionality
provided by this crate aren’t flexible enough for your use-case, check out the `psm` crate upon
which `stacker` is built.

# Examples

```
// Grow the stack if we are within the "red zone" of 32K, and if we allocate
// a new stack allocate an additional 1MB of stack space.
//
// If we're already within bounds, the provided closure will run on the current stack.
stacker::maybe_grow(32 * 1024, 1024 * 1024, || {
    // guaranteed to have at least 32K of stack available to use.
});
```

## Platform Support

This library currently uses `psm` for its cross platform capabilities, with a notable exception of
Windows, which uses an implementation based on Fibers. See the documentation of psm for the table
of supported platforms.

On all unsupported platforms this library is a noop. It should compile and run, but it won't
actually grow the stack and code will continue to hit the guard pages typically in place.

# License

`stacker` is licensed under either of

 * [Apache License, Version 2.0](<https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0>)
 * [MIT license](<https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT>)

at your option.
